2019.1:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added block automation support for vcu128 and vcu129 boards
 * Other: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9_0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the issue for SGMII over LVDS IO 625MHz clock not connected in the sub block
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 2.5G speed support for Artix-7 -2L devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Added dummy_port_in in board tab for VCU128 board automation
 * Other: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9_0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core

2018.2:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the local_reset generation for pcs_pma core to 'OR' gate logic for Shared Logic in Example Design configuration: AR70875
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for SDK register debug information
 * Other: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9_0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core

2018.1:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: configuration_vector input is connected with the value as per the AN enablement configuration
 * Bug Fix: systemtimer_clk input is driven from the example design and it is with the value configured in the GUI
 * Bug Fix: For UltraScale/UltraScale+ devices, attribute REFCLK_FREQUENCY is passed through XDC to TEMAC core
 * Feature Enhancement: Added .h header file for AXI4 lite register information
 * Feature Enhancement: IPI design block automation connects the mii/gmii/rgmii/sgmii/sfp alongwith mdio and phy_rst_n ports based on the board/part selected
 * Other: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9_0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core

2017.4:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9_0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core
 * General: Updated for dangling port fix

2017.3:
 * Version 7.1 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9.0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core.
 * General: axi_ethernet_buffer enabled in case of SGMII with 1588 

2017.2:
 * Version 7.1
 * General: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9.0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_1 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core.
 * General: Added output port gt_powergood in case of ultrascale and ultrascale+ devices in modes using transceivers 

2017.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9.0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_0 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core.
 * General: Added support for axi buffer for 2.5G Line Rate for Ultrasacle devices for 1000Base-X mode and SGMII mode without 1588
 * General: Added ports when in shared logic of Asynchronous LVDS solution to support connection of multiple instances of IP seemlessly
 * General: Added option to generate MII interface without IO logic

2016.4:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 7)
 * General: No functional changes.
 * General: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9.0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_0 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core.

2016.3:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 6)
 * New Feature: Added support for Asynchronous SGMII/BASEX over LVDS for Ultrascale and Ultrascale+ devices.
 * New Feature: Added option to select GT location for Ultrascale and Ultrascale+ devices.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to choose from Synchronous SGMII based on component mode and Asynchronous SGMII solution based on Native mode of IO for Ultrascale.
 * Other: Added support for Spartan-7 Devices.
 * Other: Gig PCS/PMA subcore version updated to v16_0.
 * Other: Refer to tri_mode_ethernet_mac v9.0 and gig_ethernet_pcs_pma v16_0 core change logs for changes in the sub cores of this core.

2016.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Support GT in Example design for Ultrascale devices.

2016.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Support GTY

2015.4.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No Functional changes.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 2)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Support for Ultrascale plus devices; the device support is limited to functional simulation only. Implementation and post implementation simulations might not be successful for certain devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * For UltraScale devices in GMII/RGMII -  Updated the Reset circuit to IDELAYCTRL to not have dependency on RDY output.

2015.1:
 * Version 7.0
 * Support 2.5G Data Rates over SGMII and 1000BaseX in non-processor mode.
 * Support multiple GT clock frequencies for UltraSCALE devices.
 * Moved BUFG in devices with GTPE2, GTHE2 and GTXE2 to shared logic.
 * Moved BUFG on recovered clock to shared logic.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Adding support for XC7Z035 and XC7A15T devices.
 * Adding support for XA/XQ device variants.

2014.3:
 * Version 6.2
 * Support core in native Vivado catalog.
 * Added example design.
 * Added demonstration testbench.
 * Added non Processor Mode.
 * Added Priority Flow Control (PFC) support in non-processor mode.
 * Added 1588 support for ultrascale devices.
 * Support optional Transceiver control and status ports in non-processor mode.

2014.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Support latest GT version.

2014.1:
 * Version 6.1
 * Support 1588 Correction Field format.

2013.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support.
 * Support Include IO option for GMII.

2013.3:
 * Version 6.0
 * Added option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core.
 * Added support for Board based IO constraints generation.
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator.
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions.
 * Updated the address segment name. Please use assign bd address tool command to assign address.
 * Interface/Port names have changed. Streaming interfaces are now renamed as m_axis_rxd from AXI_STR_RXD and similarly for others. MDIO ports are packaged as an interface. Ports txp txn rxp and rxn are packaged as SGMII or SFP interfaces based on the board connectivity. To reconnect these ports you may use connection automation.

2013.2:
 * Version 5.0
 * New features like SGMII over LVDS, and IEEE 1588 support are added to this core.
 * Port names have changed.

2013.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
